docs: ha-tracker allow usage of memberlist as kv store. (#12451)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configure-high-availability-deduplication.md

#### Configure the HA tracker KV store

The HA tracker requires a key-value (KV) store to coordinate which replica is currently elected.

> The suggested KV store for the HA tracker is `memberlist` since version [2.17](https://github.com/grafana/mimir/releases/tag/mimir-2.17.0). The `consul` and `etcd` are marked as _deprecated_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [Grafana Mimir versions 2.17](https://github.com/grafana/mimir/releases/tag/mimir-2.17.0) and later, use `memberlist` as the KV store backend for the HA tracker. The `consul` and `etcd` backends are deprecated.
```

Author: Thank you addressed here [140a35f](https://github.com/grafana/mimir/pull/12451/commits/140a35f77f28da8ea42a430852e7883703115e2c)
